inspo - https://mimosabeauty.co.uk/

Main page:
* (MainPage/ImgCard 1) At Rooted Reflexology we provide a safe, calm environment for anyone, young or old, to come and be listened to, to be held and to be healed. 
    Changed to : "At Rooted Reflexology, we offer a safe, calming environment where people of all ages can feel heard, supported, and nurtured in their healing journey."
* (MainPage/ImgCard 2) 1-1 reflexology sessions are a great addition for anyone's healing journey, whether young or old, reflexology is for all. 
    Changed to : "One-on-one reflexology sessions provide valuable support for anyone on a healing journey. Reflexology is beneficial for people of all ages, offering gentle yet effective care tailored to individual needs.
Book Page:
* Each treatment is bespoke and will last around 60 minutes.  ...... does this sound corny? haha your feedback would be great. 

Other pages
About - 
* (About/gmap) Rooted Reflexology is a complementary therapy practice based in Great Bentley, Essex, offering foot reflexology. 
* (About/Rooted) We spend a huge percentage of our lives on our feet and yet they are probably neglected the most. We can begin to fix this and provide the body with a deep sense of relaxation through stimulation of the thousands of nerve endings in the feet. 
This is our main focus at Rooted Reflexology, to teach the body to relax and destress. 
* (About/Georgina) Georgina founded Rooted Reflexology after witnessing herself how reflexology taught her how to relax again. Many of us are living constantly in a state of stress and anxiety, and forget how to allow our body to let go, to be calm. Reflexology can do this. By allowing the body to breathe, to relax, healing can start to happen. 
* (About/TwoCol) Reflexology can assist with mental health concerns, pain relief, fertility, improving blood circulation, reducing inflammation and much more. 
Promoting our body's own natural healing ability. 
    Changed to : "Reflexology supports the body’s natural healing abilities, helping to ease mental health challenges, alleviate pain, boost fertility, enhance blood circulation, reduce inflammation, and so much more. Discover the transformative benefits of this holistic approach to wellness."


Treatments - Foot Reflexology - 60 min session - £30 Foot Reflexology Taster - 30 min session - £15 
Reflexology treatments include a short body scan or meditation to arrive in the space, a foot cleanse and the reflexology session itself. 
*Click the link to enquire now or find us on social media*? 
Please note there may be contraindications with certain conditions, so please enquire for further knowledge. 

Cancellation policy - If you need to cancel or change your appointment, please give us 48 hours notice. 

Illness - If you are experiencing cold or flu-like symptoms we ask for you to postpone your treatment. Reflexology boosts the body's natural healing ability and detoxification process and so in times of illness, it can cause the body to go into overdrive which is not advised. Post acute illness, treatment can be utilised to help the body reach homeostasis. 
Maybe an about reflexology page would be good? 
Testimonials page? I'll get my family to write some stuff lol

My brain is frazzled for the day haha but hope this is kinda helpful??
Can continue adding to it but you;ve done so well already

Love